More links to tutorials for beginners in docs (#10730)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/tutorial/6-islands/3.mdx

## Next Steps

There are many more tutorials out there: 

>    1. Free YouTube videos: [1](https://youtu.be/e-hTm5VmofI?si=UHCR_OwX4YZXIKqf), [2](https://youtu.be/XoIHKO6AkoM?si=yMEREmelpz9Q6U3O) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Free YouTube videos: [Astro Web Framework Crash Course](https://youtu.be/e-hTm5VmofI?si=UHCR_OwX4YZXIKqf), [Astro Quick Start Course | Build an SSR Blog](https://youtu.be/XoIHKO6AkoM?si=yMEREmelpz9Q6U3O) 
```

First, because the list doesn't have to do anything with ordering, I strongly recommend using an unordered list.

Second, I think we should not just list them as 1, 2 without any context what's behind the link. At least include the title of the videos.

Author: - Okay, an unordered list it will be. No problem.
- I did not want to give the linked pages to much "Google juice" but I agree that some words could make it simpler for the reader as well. Will change that.

>    2. Paid online courses: [1](https://www.udemy.com/course/astrojs-101-build-blazing-fast-frontends/), [2](https://learnastro.dev/), [3](https://astrocourse.dev/), [4](https://www.udemy.com/course/astro-the-complete-guide/), [5](https://www.udemy.com/course/astrojs-101-build-blazing-fast-frontends/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Paid online courses: [1](https://www.udemy.com/course/astrojs-101-build-blazing-fast-frontends/), [2](https://learnastro.dev/), [3](https://astrocourse.dev/), [4](https://www.udemy.com/course/astro-the-complete-guide/), [5](https://www.udemy.com/course/astrojs-101-build-blazing-fast-frontends/)
```

Same applies here. I would never click on any of those links if they look like this: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

Like where should I start? What can I expect? I suggest that you at least change the numbers to some context.

Author: I get your point. Above you said that it's not "Astro-ish" to link paid offerings. That's why I boiled it down to numbers. I do get the link / connection to a next course. But I do not offer any big SEO-keyword inheriting Google-juice. It's not super active, yet it's there. That was my approach.
